>> Shirley Wu: This is what
we'll be building today.
It's basically weather data for
San Francisco and
New York in the year of 2017.
The data itself basically only has a date,
and the high temperature of that date,
low temperature of that date,
and the average of that date.
We will be building a variation of
this where there is a line chart,
it started out as a bar chart but
no longer is a bar chart.
And this one,
I've been calling it radio chart and
someone else suggested
calling it a polar chart.
But we'll be building these three today
and we'll be using these to talk about
how to use d3,
how to use SVG canvas, and React.
I have Amsterdam in here too.
>> Shirley Wu: Also,
I don't know what happened on this day,
where it dropped so low.